Made the description for lastIndexOf more clear (#68410)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/workflow-definition-language-functions-reference.md

If the string or substring value is empty, the following behavior occurs:

> * If only the string value is empty, `-1` is returned:

Reviewer: Edits for consistency and punctuation:

```suggestion
* If only the string value is empty, the function returns `-1`.
```

> * If the string and substring values are both empty, `0` is returned.

Reviewer: Editing this statement for consistency:

```suggestion
* If the string and substring values are both empty, the function returns `0`.
```

> * If only the substring value is empty, the length of the string, minus 1 is returned.

Reviewer: Hi @thygesteffensen, thanks for making this contribution. Just a few tweaks to your edits:

```suggestion
* If only the substring value is empty, the function returns the string length minus 1.
```
